Add Email Preview API documentation (#582)
mailgun/documentation: source/api-email-preview.rst

.. _api-email-preview:

Email Preview
=============

Our Email Preview service allows you to see how your emails render across various web, desktop, and mobile clients.

> Create Test

Author: good call! added in https://github.com/mailgun/documentation/pull/582/commits/3bf51ddbc12be414d136f6cf9e84793a0eb20279

 ``subject``            The ``subject`` field of returned tests must contain the exact string. This search is case-insensitive.
 ``results``            The number of results to return. Must be between 1 and 200. The default value is 50.
 ``page``               The page number. If you submit a number higher than the number of pages in the data, an empty array will be returned. The default value is 1.
 ====================== ========================================================

Example response:

.. code-block:: javascript

  [
    {
      "id": "<TEST_ID>",
      "date": 1648177673,
      "type": "email-test",
    },
    {
      "id": "<TEST_ID>",
      "date": 1648177673,
      "type": "email-test",
    }
  ]

Get Test Info
-------------

This call returns the subject and submission time in UNIX timestamp format. It will also contain
one to three properties containing an array of clients. The ``completed`` property shows clients
that have completed screenshots uploaded. The ``processing`` property contains clients which are
still being processed by our system. The ``bounced`` property contains clients that were bounced
by the destination and cannot be retried.

> This call will automatically requeue screenshots if they stay in processing for more than threeminutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This call will automatically requeue screenshots if they stay in processing for more than three minutes.
```

Author: good catch! fixed in https://github.com/mailgun/documentation/pull/582/commits/3bf51ddbc12be414d136f6cf9e84793a0eb20279
